What is Docker?
A platform for building, running and shipping application.
Why an application might not run as expected in another machine?
	One or more files missing, Software version mismatch, different configuration settings
Docker is used to package applications with required dependancies.
Container - An isolated environment for running and application. 
Virtual Machine - An abstraction of hardware. We use Hypervisors like virtual box or VMware on top of hardware to support different operating systems.
Problems with virtual machines - each VM needs a full-blown OS that needs to be licensed, patched and monitored,
Slow to start because entire OS need to be loaded. Resource intensive (takes CPU, memory and disk space).
Containers are lightweight, uses the OS of the host. Start Quickly. Need less hardware resources.
Docker uses a client-server architecture. Client calls the server (Docker engine) using a Restful API.
Docker Engine runs on the background, takes care of building and running docker containers.
install guide - https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/
cmd -> docker version -- will give you the installed docker version
add a Dockerfile to app - has information on how to package app into an image
image has - a cut-down OS, a runtime environment (eg: Node), application files, third-party libraries, environment variables
Docker starts a container using an image.
We can push image to a docker registry like docker hub. It is a storage that anyone can use.
Then that image can be pulled by any machine running docker.

FROM node:alpine -- pullin the node image built for the linux version alpine.
COPY . /app -- copy files from current directory to the app directory created inside the image file systems
WORKDIR /app
CMD node app.js

Go to cmd and run -> docker build -t docker-init .
We are giving a tag for the image to be created named "docker-init". Dot(.) after that tells docker, where the Dockerfile for the application is located.
. means current directory.
When that command is run, docker will create the image, but we can't see it inside the project directory. It is a complex process.
To see all the images on this computer we can type-> docker images OR docker image ls
docker run docker-init --will run the image we created, it doesn't matter from which directory, because this image has all the files needed to run this app.

https://labs.play-with-docker.com/
login with google account
Add new instance -> will create an instance with linux (virtual machine)
type -> node --node command not found
type -> docker pull Vinura96/docker-init (We need to upload the image to docker hub before running this)
type -> docker run Vinura96/docker-init